
# Main business entities

## Product

This is the root entity, containing all consumer goods information.

+ `id`: This is generated randomly by application, not incremental
+ `base_sku`: Sku = Stock keeping unit, generated by this application.
+ `name`: Product name
+ `description`: Product description. Could be text, html, json.
+ `features`: Product main features
+ `status`: 
+ `source`: Where the product come from (AMZ=amazon)
+ `source_sku`: Original product SKU from `source`
+ `source_url`: Original product URL
+ `category_id`: Category of the product
+ `product_def_id`: Definition of the product, describing its `attributes`
+ `attributes`: Product attributes, as JSON

## Product variant

A product has many variants, varies by any `attribute`, price and quantity.

+ `id`: This is generated randomly by application, not incremental
+ `product_id`: A variant links back to its base product.
+ `variant_sku`: Variant's own SKU, generated by this application base on the `base_sku` of the base product.
+ `quantity`: 
+ `price`: 
+ `currency`: 
+ `attributes`: Distinct attributes of this variant compared to the base product.

## Product media

A product has many pictures and video describing its functionality.

+ `id`: This is generated randomly be application.
+ `product_id`: Link to its product
+ `variant_id`: Optionally tells which variant this media describes
+ `type`: VIDEO, IMAGE, ...
+ `resolution`: Describe this media's resolution. high_res, low, thumb, large, 1024x768, ...
+ `url`: The image url

## Category

Categorize products into set of relevant products. 
Each product belong to one main category. 
Therefore, we have 1 category - N products. This may change later.

- `id`: 
- `name`: Name of the category
- `description`: Describe the category
- `product_def_id`: A category has its distinct set of attributes, 
  call a product definition. But Leave it null now.